Revamp the AORs page of SRE (#1187)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/organization/sre.md

# SRE

### Who We Are

> Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team ensures the availability of Mattermost Cloud user-facing services, building the tools and automation to monitor and enable this availability. These user-facing services include multiple environments including testing, development and production, among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team ensures the availability of Mattermost Cloud user-facing services by building the tools and automation to monitor multiple environments, including testing, development, and production, among others.
```

### Vision

> Enable developers to build reliable, scalable, cost efficient services having in mind the Mattermost Cloud customer's reliability targets applying SRE principles (observability, SLOs etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable developers to build reliable, scalable, cost efficient services that keepthe Mattermost Cloud customer's reliability targets and SRE principles (observability, SLOs etc.) in mind.
```

### Actions

> - On-call, Incident Management and Incident Review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On-call, Incident Management, and Incident Review
```

- Change management
- Influence and encourage best practices

> - Keep documentation, training and Runbooks fresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintain and update documentation, training, and Runbooks
```

> - Empower developers with self-served capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Empower developers with self-serve tools
```

> - Meet & review reliability, quality and cost KPIs regularly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meet & review reliability, quality, and cost KPIs regularly
```

### Principles
- Be proactive instead of reactive
- Be open and data driven
- Embrace risk and chaos
- Promote and embrace communication
- Evangelise cost effectiveness
- Evangelise and adopt SRE & DevOps practices 

### Ask for Help

> If you need our assistance please use the following follow the [General Workflow](#general-workflow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need our assistance please follow the [General Workflow](#general-workflow)
```

> We can also be reached out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also reach us on the Mattermost Community Server as follows:
```

> 1. For support questions related to production you can reach us in   `~cloud-support ` channel.

Reviewer: Consider adding direct links to these two channels for easy access

2. For all the other questions you can reach us in `~cloud-sre-team` channel

### How we work

> We maintain every quarter our OKRs as epics in this [Board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/CLD/boards/109/roadmap?statuses=2%2C4) which are divided in the following areas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each quarter, we maintain our OKRs as epics in this [board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/CLD/boards/109/roadmap?statuses=2%2C4) which is divided into the following areas:
```

- Reliability & Resiliency
- Availability & Cost Optimisation
- Automation
- Security
- Documentation
- Keep the lights on

#### General Workflow

> 1. Mattermost members open new issues in [SRE Board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/CLD/boards/109)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mattermost members open new issues in the [SRE Board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/CLD/boards/109)
```

> 2. Every new issues goes through an Issue Triage weekly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. New issues are reviewed weekly via Issue Triage.
```

### Areas of Ownership

> The team regularly works on the following tasks, in the order of priority:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team regularly works on the following tasks, listed below in priority order:
```

- Ensuring availability of Mattermost Cloud user-facing services

> - Ensuring availability of community.mattermost.com (eg. daily releases, calls)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensuring availability of community.mattermost.com (e.g. daily releases, calls)
```

> - Ensuring the availability of the internal Cloud Platform (eg. self-served testing envs, Observability Platform, GitOps Platform, IaC platform )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensuring the availability of the internal Cloud Platform (e.g. self-serve testing environments, Observability Platform, GitOps Platform, IaC platform )
```
